hi my name is kami and I'm from stampin
Starcom au and in this little class we
we are making a tiny little steampunk
top hat and it's so cute it's about 9
centimeters high so it's really tiny and
it's a great class for someone who has
never tried 3d construction before it's
really really easy to put together
we're using a plaster board also known
as poster board to you to make it so
it's really really flexible and easy to
work with on the outside we've used foil
tape on half of the hat and we've used
the Tim Holtz riveted metal technique so
you can sort of see on the side there
we've got little dots and rivets and
things like that coming through this
metal so we have a big ribbon around the
front it's held together with a button
at the back on the front we also have
some chicken wire some Tim Holtz
sprocket gears and a stamped image the
little feathers on the front on the side
here in the class I'll show you how to
curl those little feathers because they
come straight and we kill them on the
side and the top here I've just use
distress stain and some black paint and
I think it looks sort of it looks sort
of like a worn a little bit like a worn
leather is the kind of look I was going
for so I'm so yeah you'll learn how to
do that as well so it is a really really
fun class yeah I just had a blast I've
made a couple of these little hats now
and they're just so cute what's not to
love about them they're great so I'm see
how to be great if you can join me in
this class the kit is available at
www.stampinup.com au thank you